an everyday scene of the stove is called
used storage space
the resulting danger is but
often underestimated
most often fires occur in the
kitchen half of all kitchens burns
cooking is often done on the stove
good on the switched hearth plate
to forget
It can be one of the most special
dangerous fat burns are still coming
more often, however, arises through before
the stove turned off objects such as
fast it in such a situation too
can show a fire shows the
try in the lab human
misbehavior is only the
second most common cause of fire like the
statistics of the institute for
damage prevention time is the most common
cause of a fire are defective
in electrical appliances or fault in
the electrical installation there
example power strip not rare
are too many consumables with
too high a current consumption to a
multiple power strip connected
the bar is overloaded and will
warm by that
as a result of this overheating it can
ultimately to the brand of power strip
come
we have the remains of a brand
affected table power strip as
they are barely recognizable
There are a total of three main reasons
to burn a tablecloth most
being able to lead
that is the internal error in one
the bar often at cheap devices too
observe where internal the contacts
not properly in and faulty
see which then lead to brand damage
Then there is the electrical overload
by connecting too many big ones
electrical consumers to the bar
and then there is a mechanical one
pull action to occur
damage to the plastic housing
ultimately lead to one
can cause a fire
next to the one shown here
tensile load is also pressure loads
for example, by squeezing or
kinking the leads potential
causes for fires are electrical appliances
It is impossible to imagine life without our lives
a variety of useful helper is
every day in use
however, electrical appliances also always harbor those
danger of a technical defect
not least a fire hazard
can mean
in current investigations we have
found out that there are drier ones
to turn on by itself
this is due to a broken switch
who just supposedly turned it off
but by, for example, light
temperature changes in a 1
position can then move on and off
surrounding material
we therefore recommend when not in use
to pull the plug
Many electrical appliances generate heat
for some, this is quite obvious
such as the iron at
fryers or toaster but also lamps
produce heat
the shown fire test shows
clearly that the temperatures the
areas of light emerge in a position
ignite flammable material
Here are the indications of the luminous
to pay attention to what the
safety distances to this combustible
material concerns
the most dangerous are the heat accumulation
especially with complete evasion
or development of the light emerge
can
the temperatures then rise above 400
grad to what a quick inflammation
can lead